What do you want?
Ariana wasn't lying.
This little bitch really struck it rich.
The family business is struggling and we need money.
I know your old husband is rich and can help us out.
It's time you do your duty as a good daughter.
The moment you sold me off like a bargaining chip,
I stopped being a rosemary.
You were barking up the wrong tree.
Lucy, you're up.
I just finished up in the garden and brought you these.
M.G.
This is it. You're having an affair with the gardener.
How scandalous.
Shut up, Emily.
If you don't want me to tell your husband about your little affair,
you know what to do.
Hand over the money.
Don't embarrass yourself, Emily.
You've really outdone yourself this time, huh?
Bag yourself a handsome link.
That's enough.
What?
You're afraid I'll tell Mr. Gardener about what a little slut you are?
Did you know that she was fooling around with another man the night before her wedding?
She even still had marks on her neck.
Marks? What marks?